Working notes (#22)
go-london-user-group/admin: meeting_notes/2019-05-07-organiser-catchup/README.md

## 2019-05-07 Organiser Catch-up

Present:

* [Kat Zień](https://twitter.com/kasiazien)
* [Antonio Troina](https://twitter.com/londongopher_)
* [Dominic Green](https://twitter.com/domgreen)
* [Paul Jolly](https://twitter.com/_myitcv)

### Sponsorship 

> We have been being asked for updated information about how people can contribute to the London Gophers community and help support us as a meetup to contine to grow and support the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have been being asked for updated information about how people can contribute to the London Gophers community and help support us as a meetup to continue to grow and support the community.
```

Main points:
* Sponsorship Pack
  * Finalise the PR that will be published via the GitHub repo that will explain our sponsorship
  * 3 types Recurring, Venue, Adhoc
    * prefer recurring where we will have a montly contribution 
  * Any remaining money at the end of the period will go towards scholarships for people in the community to attend go conferences
  * Finalising wording on PR together as a group
  * Will try and ensure that introductions are kept to a maximum of 2 minutes

>     * Aware that a long sponsorship introductions could be uncofortable to sit through

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Aware that a long sponsorship introductions could be uncomfortable to sit through
```

  * based of +kasiazien existing document
  * shared via Google documents

* Sponsorship advice
  * should ensure that sponsors get the most out of the events to help them with this we can outline some things that have proved succesful in the past
  * being clearly visible at the meetup (tshirts, area)
  * want to make sure people know how to approach you
  * short succinct intro slides ... think LUSH

### GitHub
* updated meetup slides to contain links to previous talks and videos
* should start periodically adding more details to automate ourselves out of work
* can this be displayed in a better way ... integrate with the gophers.london site or gitbooks?

### May Event
* Joindin request sent
* meetup updated
* slides updated
* add redirect from gophers.london

### Venues
* Should ensure that we attend a new venue before we agree on hosting the meetup
* Enusre that we know the size of the venue and it can host the number of attendees
* AV team should be present at the meeting so that we can show how the setup would on the evening
* Ensure we have people seating for the number of people at the meetup

> **Decision**: Work with new hosts that we are both delivering the best for hte community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Decision**: Work with new hosts to deliver the best for the community.
```

### GopherCon UK

> * lets try and arrange it near the time to combine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* let's try and arrange it near the time to combine
```

* Their pre conf is on the weds (could sync)
* Get back to the GopherCon organisers
* Could we combine the both and have the meetup at the same time?
* Short talks / fish bowl evening

> * **What are we asking**: coencide with our meetup the aim is to bring the community together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **What are we asking**: coincide with our meetup the aim is to bring the community together
```
